How we hire
What to expect when you embark on the recruitment journey with us. 
The Process

Application
Our recruiter, together with the hiring manager, reviews all applications. What are we looking for? Experience that shows you're right for the role, a strong motivation, and values that blend with our own.  
Please note: We’re lucky to have lots of interest when we post a role, and that means a large virtual pile of CVs and cover letters to get through, we’ll do our best to get back to you within one week. However, due to the high volume of responses to our vacancies and busy periods, it may take up to two weeks for us to respond.

1. Introduction call
A quick 30-minute video chat with our recruiter to check that there is interest on both sides (you’ll get an invite over email, simply pick a calendar slot that suits you). We’ll talk about your motivation and experience, as well as practical stuff such as salary indication, notice period, visa, etc.  And, of course, we’ll tell you more about the role, our team, and the exciting things you’ll be able to work on. After the call, your application will be discussed with the hiring manager and, if successful, we’ll move on to arranging next steps. 

2. Technical / Skills interview
This 75-90 minute interview (F2F or video call) is your chance to meet your potential new manager and one of your teammates! It gives you (and them) a chance to get to know each other and a deep-dive into the specifics of the role and your experience. It’s also a great time to learn more about our challenges and opportunities, as well as getting a sneak peek at our plans! Don’t forget to prepare and ask some questions ;)

3. Day at the office / Remote assignment
Time to show off your skills! And to experience what it’s like to be part of Team Polarsteps! You will work with us for a day, getting to know the company and the team and working on a custom day-assignment,  this can either be done remotely or at Polarsteps HQ (the good thing about this option is that you'll get the full office and company culture experience, meet possible new colleagues in person, and it includes a tasty lunch!). 

4. Team & Values interview
This part is all about getting to know you better on a personal level (and the other way around) so that we can see what it might be like to work together on a day-to-day basis. To do this, we will specifically explore how our values line up. That’s not to say that we are looking for just one type of person – in fact, the opposite! The aim is to have a variety of people united by some common beliefs. The chat will last about an hour and be with two of the Polarsteps crew.



How Do We Evaluate
Interviews can be intimidating. Not many people enjoy being put on the spot, and if you really want a job, it can feel even scarier. But we’re a nice bunch, and we want to make the process as easy, pain-free, and, dare we say it, enjoyable as possible. And part of that is transparency, so you know exactly what to expect. We evaluate based on three pillars: hard skills, drive, and values.
Hard Skills
Basically, what you can do and have done before. You could also call this ‘role fit’ as the purpose is for us to make sure that your skills are what is needed for the position. On top of those role-specific bits, we’ll also look at things like how you work in a team. The result? The right person for the job.
Values
Different companies have different values, and this is our chance to find out how you might fit with ours. But, keep in mind that while we are looking for people who will add to that special “Polarsteps feel,” we aren’t looking for everyone to be exactly the same. Far from it. So, let your personality shine.
Drive
How motivated you are in life, your work, and, specifically, in joining us! We’re eager to make a positive impact on the world, and we’re looking for passionate people who feel the same.

Feeling inspired?
See all vacancies
FAQ
Company
About us
Careers
News & Press
Stories
Office
Vijzelgracht 53A
1017 HP, Amsterdam
The Netherlands