
SCA100 - Full Stack Software Engineers for AI Training

Full Stack Development  Posted Mar 12, 2026
Outlier helps the world’s most innovative companies improve their AI models by providing human feedback. Are you an experienced software engineer who wants to help shape the future of AI?  We collaborate with leading AI organizations to train large language models—teaching them how to write, review,… more More/Less about
View job posting

Not Sure
Hourly
Personal note from client
Hi Federico Poletti ,   Your profile looks like a great match for SCA100 - Full Stack Software Engineers for AI Training so I wanted to invite you to submit a proposal to work with an Enterprise client. It won't cost you any Connects and increases your chance of winning the work.  Not interested? Do you know someone who might be perfect for the project? When you decline the invite, you'll have the option to refer them. It's quick and won't affect your profile.  Please note that the client will ultimately decide who to hire. If you have any questions about this opportunity, send a message to the client through Upwork Messages.  *IMPORTANT: Please answer pre-screening questions in this post in order to be considered in our process.  Best of luck!  Kia Marie Tecson Lifted, an Upwork company, Talent Specialist less
About the client
 
Payment method verified
Rating is 4.5 out of 5.
4.5
4.45 of 6,191 reviews
United States
Palo Alto 7:27 AM
1,071 jobs posted
100% hire rate, 29 open jobs
$37M total spent
57,023 hires, 25,497 active
$20.96 /hr avg hourly rate paid
442,692 hours
Member since Aug 19, 2021
Footer navigation
About Us
Feedback
Trust, Safety & Security
Help & Support
Upwork Foundation
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
CA Notice at Collection
Your Privacy Choices
Accessibility
Desktop App
Cookie Policy
Enterprise Solutions
Release notes
Follow Us
Visit Upwork on Facebook

Read Upwork company news on LinkedIn

Follow @Upwork on Twitter

Watch Upwork videos on YouTube

Follow Upwork on Instagram
